Add draft schedule for YI RRP (#196)
AlexsLemonade/reproducible-research: docs/workshop-schedule.md

nav_title: Schedule
---

The schedule below is a tentative schedule for the 2024 October "Reproducible Research Practices" workshop.
This schedule is subject to minor changes but the overall content will remain the same.

> The workshop will takes place on October 23-24, 2024 at Northwestern Mutual Headquarters in Milwaukee, WI (720 E Wisconsin Ave).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workshop will takes place on October 23-24, 2024 at Northwestern Mutual Headquarters in Milwaukee, WI (805 E Mason Ave).
```

We will meet in Room 2E on the 2nd floor.

Topics in the schedule link to the associated Google Slide deck we will present.

> ## Day 1: Wednesday October 23rd, 2:30 - 5:00 PM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Day 1: Wednesday October 23rd, 2:30 - 5:30 PM
```
